DEV: Add comments/typescript guidance to `AI-AGENTS.md` (#41666)
discourse/discourse: AI-AGENTS.md

- Make display strings translatable (use placeholders, not split strings)
- Use "Sentence case" for strings, not "Proper Case" or "lower case"

### Comments & Types

> - Only add comments to code when absolutely necessary. Self-documenting code is preferred

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only comment what a reader needs to avoid a wrong edit. Explain the *why*, not the *what*. Self-documenting code is preferred
```

Author: Maybe

```suggestion
- Prefer self-documenting code. Comments should only be added when future misunderstanding is likely. They should be terse, and should describe 'why', not 'what'. They should not be used to describe history.
```

- In the frontend, typescript is typically used for platform-level code, javascript for business-logic
- Platform-level frontend code should include accurate types & tsdoc descriptions for public APIs

> - Simple JSDoc comments can be used in other code for editor intellisense, but this is not essential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Simple JSDoc/TSDoc comments can be used in other code for editor intellisense, but this is not essential
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In core, never name plugin features or specific libraries in comments/docs — describe by mechanism

```

Author: (per chat - gonna skip this for now, since it's more relevant for migrations)
